[Autogenerated] Let's talk about the dependencies that you need to
connect a spring application from Mongo Database,
and I have good news for you.
I want to share the easiest approach that I found to
get started with Spring and Mongo.
The first thing that you should do is start with an
empty spring boot application.
Now this will bring in the basic springboard dependencies,
the most important of which, being the spring boot starter.
Not that you have a spring the starter.
You can go ahead and bring in the spring Data Mongo debate
dependency and it's called Springwood Starter Data.
Mongol Baby.
And that's it.
Once you have destroyed dependencies in your palm dot XML file,
you're good to go can now write code that connect to a Mongo D B database.
But wait a minute.
Let's look more closely at the Springwood Starter date among Gotta be because,
in fact, this dependency is what you call Anambra dependency,
meaning it brings in more dependencies behind the scenes.
So when you bring in spring boots, starter date among,
would he be in your point of XML file?
It will also bring in the Mongol to be driver
dependency and this will bring in the monk.
Would he be driver but San dependency?
And among what?
Baby driver Core dependency.
You also get access with spring date among body be,
which in turn will bring in a spin.
Get the Commons and the story goes on.
What I want to emphasize is that he can bring in these dependencies manually,
but that's a lot of work.
Instead,
you can go in with the Springwood starter datum uncle to be and you'll be good to go.